README.md, before:

![zigi](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/117615/69496216-051d1580-0ed0-11ea-9ea5-cf0d9153482c.png)
[![anaconda downloads](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi/badges/downloads.svg)](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi)

## Installing zigi

Make sure you have git installed on your Mainframe.
In order to install git, head on over to https://www.rocketsoftware.com/ and create an account.
Then download git, bash, gzip and perl and bring all those files to one directory in USS.

Then head on over to https://gist.github.com/wizardofzos/897b243d4cbe9fbc471ec1396fbbe174 and stick that installer in the
same directory as the things you downloaded from rocket.

Run that script.

You should now have git installed on you Mainframe.

Clone this repository and run the installer via:

    git clone git@github.com:zigi/zigi.git
    cd zigi
    ./zginstall.rex

or

[![anaconda/dl](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi/badges/installer/conda.svg)](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi)


### Make sure you are authorized to allocate the target datasets


## Contributing to zigi?

Yes please!


# Known Issues (maybe solutions...)

### Git not found (even though you installed it)
Zigi needs to find the git executable in the 'PATH'. To determine the 'PATH' zigi sources /etc/proiile and ~.profile.
Make sure one of these files contains the correct EXPORT statements.

### Weird Certificate Errors
When faced with a "SSL Certificate problem: unable to get local issuer" this might 'fix' it. Please note that this will
disable encryption for all uses of git and this is strongly discouraged in non-sandbox environments.

    git config --global http.sslVerify false

### Text File Corruption

If a text file contains the following special characters they will be corrupted when copied from z/OS to OMVS:
                                    
       x'0D'  Carriage Return (CR)  
       x'15'  New Line (NL)         
       x'25'  Line Feed (LF)        

This typically occurs in ISPF Panels where there special characters are used as attribute characters.

The solution is to add these datasets, or PDS members, to the Git repository as binary elements.

Commit message:

Add SAMPLES dataset and move ZGBATCH to it

README.md, after:

![zigi](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/117615/69496216-051d1580-0ed0-11ea-9ea5-cf0d9153482c.png)
[![anaconda downloads](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi/badges/downloads.svg)](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi)

## Installing zigi

Make sure you have git installed on your Mainframe.
In order to install git, head on over to https://www.rocketsoftware.com/ and create an account.
Then download git, bash, gzip and perl and bring all those files to one directory in USS.

Then head on over to https://gist.github.com/wizardofzos/897b243d4cbe9fbc471ec1396fbbe174 and stick that installer in the
same directory as the things you downloaded from rocket.

Run that script.

You should now have git installed on you Mainframe.

Clone this repository and run the installer via:

    git clone git@github.com:zigi/zigi.git
    cd zigi
    ./zginstall.rex

or

[![anaconda/dl](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi/badges/installer/conda.svg)](https://anaconda.org/zdevops/zigi)


### Make sure you are authorized to allocate the target datasets

## Samples

The ZGBATCH exec is located in the ZIGI.SAMPLES dataset and is provided as an example for you to use
to create a batch process to add/commit/push updates in batch to a zigi managed git repository.


## Contributing to zigi?

Yes please!


# Known Issues (maybe solutions...)

### Git not found (even though you installed it)
Zigi needs to find the git executable in the 'PATH'. To determine the 'PATH' zigi sources /etc/proiile and ~.profile.
Make sure one of these files contains the correct EXPORT statements.

### Weird Certificate Errors
When faced with a "SSL Certificate problem: unable to get local issuer" this might 'fix' it. Please note that this will
disable encryption for all uses of git and this is strongly discouraged in non-sandbox environments.

    git config --global http.sslVerify false

### Text File Corruption

If a text file contains the following special characters they will be corrupted when copied from z/OS to OMVS:

       x'0D'  Carriage Return (CR)
       x'15'  New Line (NL)
       x'25'  Line Feed (LF)

This typically occurs in ISPF Panels where there special characters are used as attribute characters.

The solution is to add these datasets, or PDS members, to the Git repository as binary elements.
